## 2.1.1 - Change NetworkManager backend

Create config file

   ```
kate /etc/NetworkManager/conf.d/wifi_backend.conf
   ```

Insert and save:

```
[device]
wifi.backend=iwd
```

Stop conflicting services and restart NetworkManager:

```
sudo systemctl stop wpa_supplicant
sudo systemctl disable wpa_supplicant
sudo systemctl restart NetworkManager
```

<br/>

## 2.1.2 - Run home setup script

The below command:

- Creates standard home directories (Games, Make, Obsidian) 
- Clones the AMD-Linux-Setup repository 
- Automatically detects Btrfs root, creates @games subvolume, and mounts it
- Installs and configures Oh-My-Zsh, plugins, and custom aliases

```
bash <(curl -sL "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OldLorekeeper/AMD-Linux-Setup/main/Scripts/setup_home.sh")
```

Note: Following install, a custom shell function ensures `git clone` automatically organizes repos into `~/Make` if you run it from your home folder without a target path.

<br/>

## 2.1.3 - Install Microsoft fonts

Navigate to URL and download English International version of ISO:

```
https://www.microsoft.com/en-gb/software-download/windows11
```

Rename downloaded ISO to:

```
win11.iso
```
 
Extract fonts:

```
cd ~/Downloads && \
7z e win11.iso sources/install.wim && \
7z e install.wim '1/Windows/Fonts/*.ttf' '1/Windows/Fonts/*.ttc' '1/Windows/System32/Licenses/neutral/*/*/license.rtf' -ofonts/
```

Copy to system folder:

```
sudo install -d /usr/share/fonts/microsoft && \
sudo cp -r ~/Downloads/fonts/* /usr/share/fonts/microsoft/
```

<br/>

## 2.1.4 - Run core setup script

Run the following command:

```
chmod +x ~/Obsidian/AMD-Linux-Setup/Scripts/core_setup.zsh && ~/Obsidian/AMD-Linux-Setup/Scripts/setup_core.zsh
```

The script automates the entire core system setup, including:

- Pre-selecting Desktop or Laptop to run appropriate script at after core configuration 
- Optimising `/etc/makepkg.conf` for native compilation.
- Updating the mirror list.
- Installing the `yay` AUR helper.
- Installing all common packages from `core_pkg.txt`.
- Enabling core system services.
- Automating other miscellaneous steps 

The script will run for several minutes. At the end, it will automatically restart your Plasma shell to apply changes. After it finishes, proceed with the manual steps below.

<br/>
 
### [Next ⇢](2.2-Manual-Config.md)
